---
layout: page
description: "Website of Kevin Locke, a software engineer and outdoor \
enthusiast from Montana."
sitemap:
  tags:
    priority: 0.7
---
<h1>Welcome!</h1>
<p>
  My name is Kevin Locke. I'm an independent software engineer and consultant
  from Bozeman, Montana. I'm a generalist who enjoys working on a broad range
  of technologies, in many roles, and across many disciplines. I'm also a
  proponent of free and open-source software, and a contributor to many
  projects. I aspire to promote social good in my work and personally by being
  supportive, compassionate, and empathetic to the best of my ability.
  When I'm not at the computer, you can find me hiking, biking,
  and skiing in the Montana mountains.
</p>

<h2>Professional Background</h2>
<p>
  A few highlights from my professional background:
</p>
<ul>
  <li>Graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Science in Computer
    Science from the <a href="https://www.engineering.cornell.edu/">Cornell
      University College of Engineering</a> in Ithaca, NY in 2007.</li>
  <li>Co-founded the software development company
    <a href="https://digitalenginesoftware.com">Digital Engine Software</a>
    in Bozeman, MT with Mike Archer in 2009, recruiting Peter Nix soon
    after.</li>
  <li>Joined early-stage fintech startup
    <a href="https://quantpost.com">Quantpost</a> in Missoula, MT in
    2013, eventually serving as Director of Engineering.</li>
  <li>Began serving diverse clients as an independent software engineer and
    consultant in Bozeman, MT in 2016, which I continue to find rewarding to
    this day.</li>
</ul>
<p>
  For more details about my professional background and qualifications, check
  out <a href="resume">my r&#xE9;sum&#xE9;</a>.
</p>

<h2>Get In Touch</h2>
<p>
  If you'd like to hire me, meet me, or recreate with me, or you have any
  thoughts, questions, or comments you'd like to share, please
  <a href="/contact">contact me</a>.
</p>
