<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US" lang="en-US">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <!--
Thanks for looking at the source of my resume!  I wrote it by hand in Vim.
I'm impressed by your interest.  Let me know you saw this.
  -->
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
  <title>Kevin Locke - R&#xE9;sum&#xE9;</title>
  <meta name="copyright" content="&#xA9; 2024 Kevin Locke &lt;kevin@kevinlocke.name&gt;" />
  <meta name="date" content="2024-10-20 18:07:48-06:00"/>
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/pdf" href="resume.pdf" title="PDF" />
  <style>
a {
  /* Note: Normally I would advocate for links to be visibly different from
     unclickable text.  In this case, it is too distracting and detracts from
     the primary purpose of the page. */
  color: inherit;
  text-decoration: inherit;
}
a:hover {
  text-decoration: underline;
}
h1 {
  font-size: 2em;		/* Firefox default */
  margin-top: 0;
  margin-bottom: 0.67em;	/* Firefox default */
}
h2 {
  border-bottom: thin solid black;
  margin: 0.5em 0 0.1em 0;
}
h3 {
  margin: 0.1em 0;
}
header {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  text-align: center;
}
header + h2 {
  margin-top: 0;
}
p {
  margin: 0.1em 0 0.5em 0;
}
ul {
  margin-top: 0.1em;
  margin-bottom: 0.5em;
}
p + ul,
ul + p {
  margin-top: -0.25em;
}
.h1-subtitle {
  font-size: 1.5em;
  font-style: italic;
  margin-top: -0.89em;	/* Tied to h1 margin-bottom */
  margin-bottom: 0;
}
.h1-subtitle + h2 {
  margin-top: 0;
}
.expdates {
  float: right;
  font-weight: normal;
  font-style: oblique;
}
/* For printing and on wide screens, arrange header horizontally. */
@media print, (min-width: 120ex) {
  header {
    flex-direction: row;
  }
  #leftheader {
    line-height: 1;
    text-align: left;
    order: 1;
  }
  #midheader {
    flex: 1;
    order: 2;
  }
  #rightheader {
    text-align: right;
    order: 3;
  }
  #leftheader,
  #rightheader {
    /* Set uniform width to ensure #midheader content is centered */
    width: 30ex;
  }
}
@media print {
  abbr {
    text-decoration: none;
  }
  html, body {
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
  }
  html {
    font-family: serif;
    font-size: 11.5pt;
  }
  h1 {
    font-size: 1.5rem;
  }
  h2, .h1-subtitle {
    font-size: 1.1rem;
  }
  /* .expdates size must match h3 for baseline alignment */
  h3, .expdates {
    font-size: 1rem;
  }
  /* Prevent margin causing blank additional page */
  ul:last-child {
    margin-bottom: 0
  }
  ul:last-child, li:last-child {
    margin-bottom: 0
  }
}
@page {
  margin: 0.5in;
}
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <header>
    <div id="midheader">
      <h1>Kevin Locke</h1>
      <p class="h1-subtitle">Senior Software Engineer and Consultant</p>
    </div>
    <div id="rightheader">
      <a href="mailto:kevin@kevinlocke.name">kevin@kevinlocke.name</a>
    </div>
    <div id="leftheader">
      <a href="https://kevinlocke.name">https://kevinlocke.name</a><br />
      <a href="https://github.com/kevinoid">https://github.com/kevinoid</a>
    </div>
  </header>

  <h2>Summary</h2>
  <p>A generalist with a strong work ethic and a detail-oriented
  approach.  Excels across a variety of roles and technologies:
  architect to developer to sysadmin, front-end to back-end, Windows to
  Unix to Android. Has the flexibility to do whatever is needed
  to get the job done right.  Extensive experience working
  independently, in small teams, and early stage startups, where productivity,
  reliability, and clear communication are paramount.</p>

  <h2>Professional Experience</h2>

  <h3><span class="exptitle">Independent Developer and Consultant</span>
  <span class="expdates">August 2016 &#x2013; Present</span></h3>
  <p>Worked with many clients to identify, design, develop, and maintain a
    variety of solutions to address diverse business needs.  Notable
    achievements include:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Designed and prototyped a web-based construction work order management
      system using
      <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/mvc/overview?view=aspnetcore-2.0">ASP.NET
        Core MVC 2</a> with
      <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/ef/core/">Entity Framework Core</a>
      (<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/languages/csharp">C#</a>).
      Subsequently facilitated outsourced development through
      requirements analysis, iterative design and evaluation, and user
      testing.</li>
    <li>Automated reconciliation of home healthcare scheduling and claims to
      meet new compliance requirements in under 2 months, saving tens of
      employee hours per week across multiple offices using a custom
      <a href="https://www.selenium.dev/">Selenium</a>-based web scraper and
      parser to ingest data for custom reporting.</li>
    <li>Developed a web-based payroll module for an existing home health care
      agency management system using
      <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/web-forms/what-is-web-forms">ASP.NET
        WebForms</a>
      (<a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/languages/csharp">C#</a>).</li>
    <li>Migrated an ASP.NET project from an ad-hoc source-based deployment
      system to pre-compiled
      <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/iis/publish/using-web-deploy/introduction-to-web-deploy">WebDeploy</a>
      to facilitate automation and pre-deployment checks, significantly
      reducing issues for developers and users.</li>
    <li>Developed tools for data synchronization to integrate
      <a href="https://www.bamboohr.com/">BambooHR</a> (via REST API) and
      <a href="https://www.viewpoint.com/products/spectrum">Viewpoint Spectrum</a>
      (via XML Web Services,
      <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_Services_Description_Language"><abbr title="Web Services Description Language">WSDL</abbr></a>,
      and <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL"><abbr title="Structured Query Language">SQL</abbr></a>), including sophisticated reconciliation algorithms.</li>
    <li>Developed an optimized string edit distance
      (<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_common_subsequence">Longest
        Common Subsequence</a>,
      <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Levenshtein_distance">Levenshtein</a>,
      <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damerau%E2%80%93Levenshtein_distance">Damerau-Levenshtein</a>)
      library in <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language)">C</a>
      with <a href="https://www.python.org/">Python</a> bindings.
      <a href="https://ccodearchive.net/info/edit_distance.html">Contributed C
        library to <abbr title="Comprehensive C Archive Network">CCAN</abbr></a>.</li>
    <li><a href="https://www.docker.com/">Docker</a>-ized and deployed a
      scalable network service written in C++ to
      <a href="https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/">Google Kubernetes
        Engine</a>.</li>
    <li>Authored <a href="https://www.openapis.org/">OpenAPI</a> definitions
      for multiple REST APIs
      (<a href="https://github.com/kevinoid/appveyor-swagger/">AppVeyor CI</a>,
      <a href="https://www.bamboohr.com/">BambooHR</a>,
      <a href="https://www.procore.com/">Procore</a> (partial)) with client
      code generation for
      <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/languages/csharp">C#</a> using
      <a href="https://github.com/Azure/autorest">AutoRest</a> and
      <a href="https://www.java.com/">Java</a> using
      <a href="https://openapi-generator.tech/">OpenAPI Generator</a>.</li>
    <li>Developed Excel-based job planning and analysis platforms integrated
      with <a href="https://www.viewpoint.com/products/spectrum">Viewpoint Spectrum</a> via <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL"><abbr title="Structured Query Language">SQL</abbr></a>.</li>
    <!--
    <li>Developed Excel-based <abbr title="Profit and Loss">P&amp;L</abbr>
      analysis workbooks integrated with
      <a href="https://www.jonasconstruction.com/products/enterprise/">Jonas
        Enterprise</a> via <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL"><abbr title="Structured Query Language">SQL</abbr></a>.</li>
    <li>Developed web-based vehicle inspection forms with PDF-to-email
      rendering for a vehicle fleet in <a href="https://www.php.net/">PHP</a>.</li>
    <li>Developed an asynchronous JavaScript library for
      <a href="https://www.topazsystems.com/">Topaz</a> signature pads,
      including workarounds for issues identified with non-ASCII characters,
      to replace vendor-provided
      <a href="https://www.topazsystems.com/sdks/sigweb.html">SigWeb</a>
      software.</li>
    <li>Migrated job estimation software to Azure for significantly reduced
      operating costs.</li>
    -->
  </ul>
  <p>Honored to assist with hiring in-house developers, migrating projects to
    collaboration platforms (<a href="https://github.com/">GitHub</a>,
    <a href="https://azure.microsoft.com/products/devops/">Azure DevOps</a>),
    co-developing with and mentoring junior developers.</p>

  <h3><span class="exptitle">Director of Engineering &#x2014;
    <a href="https://quantpost.com">Quantpost</a></span>
  <span class="expdates">May 2013 &#x2013; June 2015</span></h3>
  <p>Architected, built, maintained, and administrated multiple iterations of
  stock option analysis/robo-advisor platform, infrastructure, and tooling
  around an existing C++ core as part of an early stage fintech startup team.
  Primarily used
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/">MongoDB</a>,
  <a href="https://expressjs.com/">Express.js</a>,
  <a href="https://angular.io/">AngularJS</a>,
  and <a href="https://nodejs.org/">Node.js</a>
  (<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MEAN_(solution_stack)">MEAN Stack</a>) on
  <a href="https://cloud.google.com/compute/">Google Compute Engine</a> with
  <a href="https://www.ansible.com/">Ansible</a> automation.
  Managed contract developers for additional UI, graphical design, and
  specialized front-end tasks.  Successfully launched multiple public versions
  of the product with very positive user feedback.  Notable achievements
  include:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Co-developed multiple iterations of public website, webapp, and REST
      API, from scratch, in coordination with other developers and
      designers.</li>
    <li>Developed <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/">MongoDB</a>-based task
      queue with C++ and <a href="https://nodejs.org/">Node.js</a> clients
      for managing portfolio optimization requests in real time.</li>
    <li>Developed <a href="https://www.java.com/">Java</a>-based consumer for
      <a href="https://dxfeed.com/">Devexperts dxFeed</a> market data which
      prepared and stored data for real-time portfolio analysis by the C++
      core.</li>
    <li>Managed development of <a href="https://d3js.org/">D3</a>
      visualization of optimization results and payout curves across
      predicted probability curves.</li>
    <li>Developed <a href="https://www.ansible.com/">Ansible</a> automation
      scripts for deploying all
      <a href="https://cloud.google.com/compute/"><abbr title="Google Compute Engine">GCE</abbr></a>
      machines and services from scratch.</li>
    <li>Contributed to solving challenging performance issues with multi-GB
      matrix operations using
      <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_Linear_Algebra_Subprograms"><abbr title="Basic Linear Algebra Subprograms">BLAS</abbr></a>
      and <a href="https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/tools/oneapi/onemkl.html">Intel
        <abbr title="Math Kernel Library">MKL</abbr></a> on
      <a href="https://cloud.google.com/compute/"><abbr title="Google Compute Engine">GCE</abbr></a>
      to deliver complex portfolio optimizations in seconds.</li>
    <li>Created lead generation tools for scraping
      <a href="https://twitter.com/">Twitter</a> follower data and
      applying machine learning techniques.</li>
    <li>Created <a href="https://twitter.com/">Twitter</a> chatbot to provide
      real-time optimizations on demand.</li>
  </ul>

  <h3><span class="exptitle">Co-founder, CEO &#x2014;
    <a href="https://digitalenginesoftware.com">Digital Engine Software, LLC</a></span>
  <span class="expdates">June 2009 &#x2013; December 2011</span></h3>
  <p>Built a business to design, create, and customize a wide variety of software to
  meet the needs of a diverse regional clientele.  Coordinated, planned, and
  conducted operations to successfully promote and grow the business,
  determine and fulfill client needs, and produce quality software.  Notable
  achievements include:</p>
  <ul>
    <li>Created web-based practice management system for a home health
      care provider serving over 1000 active clients and employees, across 10
      regional offices. Significantly improved information sharing between
      offices, data entry efficiency, and ability to gather operational
      analytics.</li>
    <!-- FIXME:  Add EOB parser? -->
    <li>Configured, deployed, and maintained
      <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/sql/relational-databases/replication/merge/merge-replication">MS
        SQL Server Merge Replication</a> to allow offline data entry and
      retrieval.  Overcame significant technical obstacles on an ongoing
      basis.</li>
    <li>Conducted environmental monitoring database consolidation and
    migration project merging structure and data for millions of records
    of field data from
    <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/access">Access</a> to
    <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/sql-server/">SQL Server</a>.</li>
    <li>Developed and integrated
      <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPsec">IPsec</a> support for
      <a href="https://openwrt.org/">OpenWrt</a> router firmware
      project.</li>
    <li>Created prototype for a historical information
    exploration website using
    <a href="https://developers.google.com/maps/">Google Maps</a>.</li>
    <!-- FIXME:  Add Python/ArcGIS BMU work for Lisa?  Expand/clarify.
    <li>Consulted in creation of Python Geoprocessing script in ArcGIS for
    USGS</li> -->
    <li>Implemented stream <!--location -->prediction algorithm as an
      <a href="https://www.arcgis.com/">ArcGIS</a> module for digital
      elevation model
      <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lidar">LIDAR</a> data.</li>
  </ul>

  <h3><span class="exptitle">Technician/Programmer &#x2014;
      <a href="https://www.technology-solved.com/">Computer Troubleshooters</a></span>
  <span class="expdates">April 2008 &#x2013; May 2009</span></h3>
  <p>Applied sound investigative techniques to isolate and resolve a wide
  variety of complex technical problems across several industries and systems.
  Designed, setup, and administered multiple Windows domains for small
  businesses, including
  <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20100228172818/http://www.microsoft.com:80/windowsserver2003/sbs/default.mspx"><abbr title="Small Business Server">SBS</abbr> 2003</a>,
  <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20100328114057/http://www.microsoft.com:80/sbs/en/us/default.aspx">2008</a>,
  <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/exchange/">Exchange</a>, and
  <a href="https://www.microsoft.com/sql-server/">SQL Server</a> products.
  Created and tailored utility programs to facilitate ongoing maintenance and
  to speed recurring tasks for clients.</p>

  <h3><span class="exptitle">CS Intern &#x2014;
      <a href="http://www.wpafb.af.mil/afrl/">Air Force Research Lab</a></span>
    <span class="expdates">Summer 2007</span></h3>
  <p>Contributed to design and implementation of
  <a href="https://www.java.com/">Java</a>-based wargame development
  platform and Asynchronous Chess (an
  <abbr title="Air Force Research Lab">AFRL</abbr>-invented strategy game) AI research
  projects.  Achievements include:</p>
  <ul>
    <!-- <li>Creation of a asynchronous chess-playing agent.</li> -->
    <li>Development of a 3D chess-playing agent and a viewer supporting
    animations and status tracking in real time.</li>
    <li>Design and preliminary implementation of environment system
    for the
    <a href="https://stottlerhenke.com/solutions/education-and-training/simventive-a-toolkit-for-building-instructional-games/">SimVentive</a>
    wargame development platform.</li>
    <li>Presented
      <a href="https://stottlerhenke.com/solutions/education-and-training/simventive-a-toolkit-for-building-instructional-games/">SimVentive</a>
      work at
      <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20150910043618/http://www.scs.org/confernc/hsc/hsc07/hsc07.htm">Huntsville
        Simulation Converence 2007</a></li>
  </ul>

  <h3><span class="exptitle">GIS Intern &#x2014;
      <a href="https://gvlt.org/">Gallatin Valley Land Trust</a></span>
    <span class="expdates">Summer 2006</span></h3>
  <p>Gathered and manipulated field data to create and update trail maps
  using <a href="https://www.arcgis.com/">ArcGIS</a>.  Implemented
  <a href="https://developers.google.com/maps/">Google Maps</a>-based
  interactive online map of
  <abbr title="Gallatin Valley Land Trust">GVLT</abbr>'s conservation
  easements.</p>

  <h2>Educational Experience</h2>
  <h3><span class="exptitle"><abbr title="Bachelor of Science">BS</abbr> in
      Computer Science &#x2014;
      <a href="https://www.cornell.edu/">Cornell University</a></span>
    <span class="expdates">December 2007</span></h3>
  <ul>
    <li>Graduated Magna Cum Laude from
      <a href="https://www.engineering.cornell.edu/">Cornell University
        College of Engineering</a>.</li>
    <li>Cumulative GPA of 3.77.  Dean's List for Spring 2007, Fall 2006, Spring 2006.</li>
    <li>Specialization in mathematics:  Cryptography, Statistics, Discrete Mathematics.</li>
    <!-- <li>Notable advanced courses: System Security, Web Info. Systems, Database Systems, Computer Networks.</li> -->
  </ul>

  <h2>Relevant Personal Experience</h2>
  <ul>
    <li>Contributed
      <a href="https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git/log/?qt=grep&amp;q=kevin%40kevinlocke.name">multiple
        patches to the Linux kernel</a>.
      <!--
      <ul>
        <li><a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/368129160298161a9eb40ad4f489458be6be3b6f.1654569774.git.kevin@kevinlocke.name/t/">Fix an awk-related build failure</a>.</li>
        <li><a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/feb8a8339a67025dab3850e6377eb6f3a0e782ba.1587400635.git.kevin@kevinlocke.name/t/">Fix keyboard input for ThinkPad Twist S230u</a>.</li>
        <li><a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/137e14ca5f75179d23ee2b6408201ae022c88191.1598148862.git.kevin@kevinlocke.name/t/">Log warnings from overlayfs for a likely error condition</a>.</li>
        <li><a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/82b537e0ca5fa38b492413bd665c0198e6761015.1597944769.git.kevin@kevinlocke.name/t/">Improve overlayfs documentation</a>
      <a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/b36a429d7c563730c28d763d4d57a6fc30508a4f.1615216996.git.kevin@kevinlocke.name/t/">twice</a>.</li>
      <li><a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/20190312171205.GA12792@kevinolos/t/">Significantly increase (65% on some workloads) performance for some
          Intel Wi-Fi chips</a>, which was declined.</li>
      </ul>
      -->
      Bisected and
      <a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/?q=kevin%40kevinlocke.name">reported
        multiple issues</a> from <abbr title="Release Candidate">RC</abbr> testing.
      <!--
      <a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/YEgnIp43%2F6kFn8GL@kevinlocke.name/t/">io_uring regression</a>,
      <a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/YWyLigrybF6yzf6Y@kevinlocke.name/">overlayfs failure on NTFS</a>,
      <a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/20200812135529.GA122370@kevinolos/t/">overlayfs errors after modification</a>,
      <a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/X%2FelzOTOOJMAc+1e@kevinlocke.name/t/">USB-related kernel Oops</a>,
      <a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/20171115164619.jm45l5n3pbuabu5q@kevinolos/t/">IPsec transport mode regression</a>
      -->
    </li>
    <li>Develop and maintain <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/~kevinoid">~20
        packages on npm</a>.</li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/request/request/pulls?q=is%3Apr+author%3Akevinoid+is%3Aclosed">Added
        support for gzip content encoding</a> to the widely-used
      <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/request">request npm package</a>.</li>
    <li>Develop <a href="https://weewx.com/">WeeWX</a>
      <a href="https://github.com/weewx/weewx/pull/364">plugin for interactive
      weather graphs</a> using <a href="https://plotly.com/javascript/">Plotly.js</a>;
      <a href="https://sourdough.kevinlocke.name/weewx/">publicly hosted</a>
      on a <a href="https://www.raspberrypi.com/">Raspberry Pi</a>.</li>
    <li>Test nightly builds of Firefox and Thunderbird.
      <a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?query_format=advanced&amp;order=Importance&amp;emailtype1=exact&amp;emailreporter1=1&amp;email1=kevin%40kevinlocke.name">Over
        50 bugs investigated</a>.</li>
    <li>Test and contribute to <a href="https://www.debian.org/">Debian
        GNU/Linux</a>, with
      <a href="https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/pkgreport.cgi?archive=both;submitter=kevin%40kevinlocke.name">over
        100 bugs investigated</a>.</li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/microsoft/winget-pkgs/issues?q=is%3Apr+author%3Akevinoid">Contributed
        over 50 package versions</a> to
      <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/package-manager/winget/">Microsoft
        winget</a>.</li>
    <li>Self-hosted personal website and email for over a decade using
      <a href="https://httpd.apache.org/">Apache</a>,
      <a href="https://www.postfix.org/">Postfix</a>, and additional
      services.</li>
    <!--
    <li>Use <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IPv6"><abbr title="Internet Protocol version 6">IPv6</abbr></a>
      on home and work networks and servers since 2009.</li>
    <li>Ran GNU/Linux on
      <a href="https://mirrors.edge.kernel.org/pub/linux/kernel/people/geoff/cell/README">PlayStation 3</a>
      (via <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OtherOS">OtherOS</a>)
      and <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xbox_Linux">original Xbox</a> (via softmod).</li>
    <li>Contributed a patch to git to
      <a href="https://lore.kernel.org/all/80eeba2b2a58af2a5497f398beb5c03447c41f61.1653003552.git.kevin@kevinlocke.name/t/">fix a path-related regression</a></li>
    <li>Built rudimentary experimental electric car from an upgraded electric
      golf cart.</li>
    <li>Automotive repairs and maintenance on a Ford Ranger.</li>
    <li>Bicycle repair, maintenance, and frequent riding of multiple bikes on
      dirt and pavement.</li>
    <li>Small-engine model rocketry.</li>
    -->
  </ul>

  <h2>Technologies</h2>
  <ul>
    <li>Most proficient in
      <a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/languages/csharp">C#</a>,
      <a href="https://www.python.org/">Python</a>,
      <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C_(programming_language)">C</a>,
      <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/javascript">JavaScript</a>,
      <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL"><abbr title="Structured Query Language">SQL</abbr></a>,
      <a href="https://www.java.com/">Java</a>,
      and
      <a href="https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/utilities/V3_chap02.html">shell scripting</a>
      on Linux and Windows systems.  Some experience with a multitude of
      other languages, platforms, and libraries.</li>
    <li>Proficiency with a variety of development tools including
      <a href="https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/">Visual Studio</a>,
      <a href="https://git-scm.com/">git</a>,
      <!-- <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/make/">Make</a>, -->
      <a href="https://www.vim.org/">Vim</a>,
      <a href="https://eclipseide.org/">Eclipse</a>,
      and many others.</li>
    <li>Extensive experience with
      <a href="https://www.debian.org/">Debian GNU/Linux</a> on mobile, desktop,
      and server platforms.</li>
    <li>Enjoy learning new languages, tools, techniques, and platforms
      suitable for a given problem.</li>
  </ul>

  <footer>
    <a rel="alternate" type="application/pdf" href="resume.pdf">Printable (<abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr>) Version</a>
  </footer>
</body>
</html>
<!-- vim: set sts=2 sw=2 et : -->
